tractors designed to meet the
heavy work requiring high
productivity in large areas with low
fuel consumption and great comfort
operational
design the comfort and ease of
influence directly on the
work income
but it is in the engine and transmission that
tractors are distinguished by two requirements
enviable in the revolution series s the engine is
the copal and the consecrated engine
worldwide for its robustness and low
consumption
the transmission is the newest modern bt
and revolutionary technology in
transmission in the world
for all that the series s conquered the
reputation as the most versatile and
of the category
field tests proves
between 8 and 12 per cent in the
fuel consumption
transmission to vt continuously
variable is a technology exclusive to
haco and transformed the tractors of the series
s on a working tool
highly efficient and very productive
bt is incredibly simple you
learn to work with her in some
minutes
so it is so successful in Europe and
united states
it allows speeds from 0.03 to 40
kilometers per hour without staggering
march with the transmission to the vt
programmable operation modules
allow for operational errors which
increases the service life of the
other components
The transmission offers four
automatic automatic operation using
semi automatic and manual tdp
When you start the tractor, the system
automatically adjusts
more economical
seeking the best relationship between
speed and rotation of the motor in the
independent of the conditions of the
terrain the tractor will adjust and maintain
the speed chosen to rotate the
motor will be adjusted automatically
according to the programmed speed
this is the great differential speed
independent of the motor rotation with
apt
the operation of the tractor is simple on the button
1 you record the speed of work in the
button 2
the speed of maneuvers at the time of
maneuvers simply push the button
corresponding
the tractor will adjust the speed
You program everything very easily without
stress and very economical
now if you wish to see lets you
adjust tractor operations
from the minimum and maximum rotation of
job
after the rotations are set
the tractor will be programmed to work
within the rotation ranges and will not
her
But what's the secret of where you come from?
so much simplicity that it does not allow mistakes
of operation
the transmission receives the engine power
through an axis that is connected
directly to a hydraulic pump
this pump generates pressure and flow two
transferring hydraulic motors
power to the differential transferring them
to the final gear units by moving the tractor
this transmission is very simple it does not have
clutch discs or bearings
simplicity as happens with
transfer of engine power to
the wheel is so admired and that
has conquered so many producers by the
outside world
the s series tractors offer other
technologies you may know
visiting a dealer back
with tractors series sa profitability
is guaranteed